Types of Friends and Backstabbers

 

9:18 PM, Thursday September 21, 2017

 

        Have you ever had that one friend, who, in the beginning you were amazing friends, inseparable? Closer than two people could possibly be. Friends like those are hard to come by, so hold them close. Hold them very close lest they slip through your fingers. Should they slip through your fingers, it will be the worst feeling in the world. To know that someone so close to you can so easily walk out of your life. They can be their for years on end, and then in a blink of an eye, turn away, back to your face and walk out the door. Let them walk out that door, and you will never see them again. It' easy to take good friends for granted. If you see them everyday, and go to school with them, you tend to take their presence for granted. It's something you don't really think about, you see a smiling face five days a week, six hours a day. A friendly smile can be a normal thing in your life. 

        Friends are interesting people. they can go into several different categories. One category is the 'Best Friend' category. These are your actual best friends that will actually stay with you, as long as you do the same for them. Friendship is very much like a two way street, one cannot accept friendship without offering the same in return. The are one of the most loyal friends you will ever have. keep these friends closer than even your enemies. You next category of friends are the 'basic friends'. These friends are nothing special. Now these people may be really great and nice but, in nothing special, it simply means you are slightly beyond acquaintances, but no farther. You say hi to each other in the hallway, but don't go out of your way to have a conversation. If your in class and you see a basic friend you'll go sit with them unless there is someone you know better, or someone you want to get close to. Let's be real, it happens, you don't want to think on it too much because it will make you feel bad. But let's be honest, you've done this before, you've given a person you know the 'basic friend' treatment. There is nothing bad with it, it just means you don't know them well, perhaps this could be something to strive for in the future, to be better friends. 

        There are two more categories, one of the categories are 'the confident friend.' This can correlate well with the 'best friend' category, often times they are one in the same. However, sometimes they are not, that's fine. there's nothing wrong with that. The more the merrier. This type of friend is as it sounds, this is the friend you go to when you have problems in your life. This is the person to go to when you feel like you have no one else, but you still have the need to talk to someone on said problem, not because it's anything earth-shattering or anything, but you feel it's too important to keep to yourself, but you have no one to trust. They hold all your secrets, the deep, dark ones that you want no one to see. That's why you tell this person, this person will take what you say to the grave unless permission to share with anyone is granted. However these people are a double edge sword. Thy are amazing, anyone willing, or appears to be listening, to your problems are worth keeping, however, while they do keep all your secrets and will take them to your grave, be wary of what you say to them. While you know they mean no harm to you or anyone else, should they feel like you are in any sort of trouble they will go for help and bring another into the mix. While this isn't a bad thing, it's actually a great thing to have in a friend, you should be happy to have that kind of friend looking out for you. It does tend to get you into some pretty awkward situations that would have been prevented if you'd have kept your mouth shut. However, what's done is done. The past cannot be reversed. Strive for a better future. 

        The last category of friends are what you call the 'backstabbing witches', as the name suggests, these are the backstabbers that are very very friendly towards you in the beginning. Without a care in the world, they treat you like you're their best friend. Textbook definition of a backstabber/backstabbing is "the action or practice of criticizing someone in a treacherous manor while feigning friendship." These types of people are exactly like the definition. You are like best friends only a step below, you never quite made it to the 'best friend' category on the food chain, they, for some reason, feel the need to be all buddy buddy with you. You pay no mind if you're ignorant and blind to it, maybe you see a little difference in how they talk to you/approach you, but you pay no mind thinking it's simply a bad day for them. If you've had a 'backstabbing witch' as a friend you know exactly what happens. They start out with a normal joke, joke that hits a little too close to home, be it about body image, the food you're currently eating, the manga book you're reading or holding in your hand, the anime you were just raving about, the acne on your face, the cloths you wear, you height, your race, and to go along with the last one, your eyes. Now everyone knows that there are some jokes that are distasteful. Totally wrong joke at the wrong time, or a joke that was so far beyond the boundary that you can no longer see the boundary line. The joke just went 'woosh'  it went from your 'bw' (backstabbing witch) all the way over the boundary line and hit you right in the heart. The very thing they joke about is the very thing you're self conscious about. 

        The joke your 'bw' just made was about your face. Your face, while you admit is nothing special, does look a bit worse than usual. your usual face routine has stopped working for a couple of weeks now. Thus zits and pimples have started to appear. Your 'beloved friend' has oh so kindly pointed out the fact that your face not only looks like pepperoni pizza, but they comment on the bags under your eyes. You haven't been getting a lot of sleep lately, you've been stressed to the max, doing the old college search, getting mildly decent grades, keeping up appearances with your actual-not-terrible-friends, and on top of all of that working your butt off so you can not only get accepted into a nice college, but being able to pay for said college without being hundreds of thousands of dollars in debt.

        Your true friends try to handle the situation the best they can, but they can only do so much. The next day, the same 'friend' makes a comment, this time about something different, but the with uses the same wording you had already used the day before, while the friend twisted the wording around a little bit, you can clearly see the implications behind your now twisted words. That day you so happen to have popcorn, unfortunately, it may have gone a bit stale without you knowing it. While going over to help another friend, one of your better friends decided to take a little bit of your popcorn without asking. Okay that's fine, they should've asked, but it was a small mistake, one that should not have been made, but a small mistake and overlook on their point, it won't happen again. Your 'bw' opens her mouth to speak, in that moment everything went silent, and the words "so, are you self-conscious about your popcorn being stale too?" ringing in your head, going back and forth, reminding you of yesterday and of what you said, "You know i'm self-conscious about my acne, so don't make jokes of it!!!" swirl around your head. Those words that you spoke yesterday, are being tainted by her villainous tongue. Words are thrown, very unkind words, words that should never have been thrown around, at least they shouldn't have been thrown to what should have been a 'best friend' 

        In the end you lost what could have been a really good friend, and while in the beginning you only wanted an apology for the joke. You don't know if an apology will do this fight justice anymore. You don't think an apology will quell the depression that is clawing at the back of your head, the depression that you were able to quell for a while, now is brought back clawing at the back of your mind in full force. You end up going to a dermatologist to try and get stronger meds to fix your face. You manage to but at what cost, both the medications cost a fortune, plus all the other medications you have to take. Gratefully you don't have to pay for any of this and you can afford to get them all. In the end it's very easy to say 'it was just a joke' and 'don't take it so seriously', but you've been through so  much bullying before you really can't take it anymore. It's easy to leave with a phrase saying 'words hurt' and stuff like that, but let's be honest, everybody knows it, so why bother. You know people will see it and brush it of like it's nothing, and it means nothing. 

So really, what's the point? It will happen whether I say something or not, so what's the point?

END

 

10:55 PM, Thursday September 21, 2017

 

Guys we need to talk, when I say/write 'backstabbing witch' I mean it literally. The story you read is in fact a true story, well it's all a true story, but this was almost like a medley of all y experience with bullying/comments/jokes about my face, now, I know I am not the prettiest by a long shot, but no one deserves to not only be backstabbed by someone you call a friend, and no one deserves to be made fun of, ever. There is no one in this world that deserves to be made fun of, tone made a joke to other people, all because someone wanted to be funny. I get it, if your close enough you can make jabs at them, but know that there are boundaries to every person, whether they say it or not. Please be mindful of what you say to people even if they're your friend.

Thanks for reading,

If you have any questions, leave them in the comment section or shoot me a message,

Thanks again. 

Please Stay Safe (PSS) 

Potteritis