March 9, 2022
Journal Entries of a Mildly Depressed High School Student are short stories/journal entries of a mildly depressed high school student (duh) sensitive topics like depression, suicide, bullying, and of the like are frequently talked about, do keep that in mind.

Chapter Text
Drowning and Suffocating 

 

7:48 PM, Wednesday September 13, 2017 

 

        Have you ever felt like you're suffocating and can't breathe. All because of an argument that made you cry. Or that you're drowning and can do nothing.  Nothing to help yourself but continue to be pulled under even deeper than you started. That everyone's expectations of you, to be happy, to make jokes to laugh real loud, to keep the happy mask on even when the two whom you care about deeply do hurtful things. Even when it's night when no one is around, that you find that your walls that you built, the walls that are the only things keeping you safe from the outside world, crumbling. The walls that you need to have up 24/7 even though you shouldn't have to, and when they are gone, darkness will return with a vengeance. A vengeance so strong that you can't defeat on your own, but you have no one to turn to that will help you. The only two people that could possibly help you are either refusing to help you, or you only see them once a month. Feeling so helpless and alone that when you try to build those walls up again from the well of despair, that then end up breaking once again and forcing you to start all over again. Almost like building a foundation off of something that doesn't exist, or building a foundation on sand. Feeling like the only reason to smile is to keep those precious friends from knowing the truth, fearing that if you tell a soul of what has conspired in you that they will be disgusted or worried for your sake. The smile that's on your face, is only there because of the well placed mask that lies there. 

        Friends, your only ally in what is a cruel dark world, were very few lights break through the darkness. Though some lights do break through, but even those have their limits, and even then, there is a point where even the lights that are there are not enough to quell the raging darkness that surrounds your entire being. The lights that are there, only stay for a short period of time, even they succumb to the darkness that lurks in them. To help those little burnt out lights when you no longer have a little light to look to is difficult and challenging. Though you try to keep you lights heads above water before your own. It's like you and your light are in a pool just deep enough that one can keep their head above water, you having done that your whole life are a pro at it, but your little light is brand new. So you put the little light on your shoulders to keep their head above water, but in turn you sacrifice your own so they can move and carry on to be the little light that they were. However, the little lights you have always look upon you as the go to, not seeing that you can barely keep your own life together. The little lights are clueless to see and dismantle the walls you are eventually able to put up again, they either don't notice or don't try. Though to the little lights credit, it is hard to dismantle one's walls and masks when said walls and masks are all that they see, and never see the real you that lurks on the other side of those walls. What would they say? They'have never encountered someone who seems to have gone through so little, but has really gone through so much.

        It's so easy to pretend like nothing's wrong, to put on a smile and laugh real loud. Especially if you do it every day. It's so easy to put the walls you painstakingly created and to cower behind them. To pretend, that if only for a moment, everything's alright, but it's not. Refusing to harm yourself for reasons like 'oh it's not okay' and 'I would never be able to hide it well enough' is not okay by any standards. I refuse to harm myself because the mental pain is enough. Why physically harm yourself, when being mentally tortured, having insults thrown at your face, being yelled at for petty things does much more damage than physically harming yourself. The mental damage leaves no outward physical damage to you. It's all in your head. 

        Burning red eyes, plugged nose, heart returning to its normal beating state after being verbally ripped out, torn in half, chewed out, glued back together, and shoved back in. Deep breaths to remain from the sobs and the feeling of being chocked because you've cried so much. the inability to be medicated for your depression and problems because those who are supposed to know, don't. They are too, unable to tell the difference from a true smile and a true genuine smile. You do the same thing to everyone, put on a smile and laugh real loud. Fool the ones closest to you. Fool the little lights. Fool complete strangers. Fool everyone into thinking you're a perfectly fine individual that is perfectly normal and can conform to societies needs and wants. 

        This is what suffocation feels like. This is what drowning feels like. This is what, to some, depression feels like. 

END

9:55 PM, Wednesday September 13, 2017 

As I said before, heavy talk. 

Thank's for reading, if you have any questions feel free to ask,

Thanks again, and please stay safe,

Potteritis