This Is My Letter To Those That Wish To Cut Me Down...

"Forgive me, this one will be a bit more personal then the others. No specific names or anything, but if I accidentally use your name as a fake name, I mean not to insult you. I was merely trying to keep the true identities a secret."

 

12:20 PM, Saturday January 27, 2018

 

        To those who wish to cut me down, to this I say Fuck You. You said to me, "Don't cut yourself down, the rest of the word is waiting, and willing, to do that for you." I thought you'd stay by me, but apparently I was wrong. Someone who I should have been able to trust, you, the person I spend most of my time with, became the rest of the world. To know, that you, the person who is most dear to my heart, would become like the rest of the world. I know the rest of the world is waiting for me out in the wings of the stage of life, but I never thought you would be one of those waiting to step out and cut me. I trusted you, but perhaps I shouldn't have. Maybe that was my mistake. One I will not make again. You were the person to see me at my worst, you also saw me at my very best. So why now, why now are you crossing the stage with your knife to cut me deeper than anyone else has. So, for my health, I will do what's best for me. I will cut you out of my life. I will not listen to the fact that you stand with the rest. You've made your choice, now it's time for mine.

        To the world that wants to cut me down, I will not bend to your will of hatred. I know there are a lot of people who want to see me fail. I know there are people that don't like me because of the color of my skin is a few shades darker than their's. I know people that don't like me because of me humor. I know there are people that don't like me because of my weight. But I will not bow to their will, I will become my own person. I will not change my ways to fit society, I am my own person, not some piece of clay to mold and paint to fit your own desires and plans. I will be successful, no matter how many times you say 'I can't.' I. Will. SUCCEED!

        To those that wish I change myself, I can't and I won't. I won't force myself to become someone you want me to be. I am my own person, not a blank canvas for YOU. The canvas is blank for ME. I will be the one to out color on my canvas, to make that canvas colorful is my job. My life is my own, not yours. I am my own entity with a style and imagination of my own, and damn it, I will use it till I no longer can. I only have one chance at life, I will use that one chance. I was given a chance, that some of my people weren't able to get. I won't waste that chance by listening to others to change myself into that THEY want me to be. I can't, and won't allow myself to do that. If that means you decide to cut me down further, I will get stronger, and then, you won't be able to touch me. 

        To those who wish to make fun of me because I look different then you, go ahead, just TRY, I am proud of my heritage, while it's heritage I am unfamiliar with, I am proud none the less. I am what they call lucky, I was chosen amongst thousands of other babies. I was taken a chance on. I was given the chance of a life time, I won't waste it by dwelling on what you say, because YOU think I shouldn't be here. Yes my skin is different, the shape of my eyes, my height, my hair, may be different, but I'm proud of what I have. I'm glad my skin is different, the shape of my eyes, my height, my hair, I'm proud that all these things are different from you who think its fun to make fun of someone whose different from you. It's interesting, really it is, I've heard that your outward appearance reflects you personality. 

        To those who wish to make fun of me because I'm adopted, I have a huge problem with you. Really you make fun of someone who is adopted, because there parents aren't their 'real' parents?! Bullshit, that is absolute bullshit. Just because I am not related by blood to my parents, they are my 'real' parents. I have never met my birth parents,  and if they're alive, I hope you gave me up because you thought it would be best for me. Even if they game me up because they didn't want me, I will say thank you to them, they gave me up yes, but they gave me a new life. Even if they had no intention to, they gave me a better future. For that, I can do nothing but thank them. To those that make fun of me, that's okay, if it makes you feel superior to me because you have blood relations with your parents thats okay. It's okay if YOU think my adopted parents aren't me 'real' parents, because it's not your choice. it's mine. I decide on who my 'real' parents are, I've already made my choice, and it will never be changed by your thoughts. If I happen to meet my birth parents down the road, I will greet them with open arms. They will have a special place in my heart, but my 'real' parents are the ones that I have here.

To Those That Wish To Cut Me Down.... Try, Just Try, I Will, Succeed In Life, Just Try And Stop Me!

 

END

 

1:17 PM Saturday January 27 2018

 

Thanks for reading,

If you have any questions, leave them in the comment section or shoot me a message.

Sorry again that this was more personal then the others, this one was just kinda burning in me for a while. It just kinda needed to get out.

Thanks again. 

Please Stay Safe (PSS) 

Potteritis