March 7, 2022
Dear Diary,
A very interesting thing happened today.

It all started this morning: I was bored to death so I pretended to be sick -you know what a good actor I am- so that Hermione would take me to work with her. 

Yes, I know, my human is a bit boring when it comes to working, but I didn't really want to be alone so I chose the lesser evil.

However, this is not the juicy part.

It seemed like a day like any other, I was curled up in my soft and comfortable kennel -why that silly human keeps the most comfortable kennel in the office and not at our home is still a mystery to me-, Hermione was working tangling her hair more and more, as she always does when she is focused.
As I said before, a very normal day.

Until him.

He is none other than a blond and haughty wizard who has come to ask Hermione to look at some documents.
What's strange, you may be wondering.

I'll explain it to you right away: while they were discussing curses, spells and bla bla bla the smell of my human has changed.
Now, I don't know the normal smell of the aristocratic blond, but I know Hermione's perfectly and the visit from the wizard made her smell change from normal to... Excited.

Well, looks like my little witch has a crush on a pale guy with the stink under his nose.
I think I've just found my new favorite hobby.

I solemnly swear that I am up to no good.

Dear Diary,
I didn't update you earlier because calling the cocky blonde back to Hermione's office turned out to be more complicated than I expected.

I tried, I really mean it, but obviously these stupid humans can't understand cats’ noble language and my increasingly furious and impatient meows have been useless.

I was about to fall prey to despair when my unwitting victim arrived; always bleached blond, always deathly pale.
What does Hermione see in him, I wonder... But you know, you cannot rule the heart. At least they will have beautiful babies: since their outward appearance is so different, a nice mix is sure to come out of it.

Anyway I'm digressing, let's go back to the moment when the blond finally crossed the threshold and sat down in the chair in front of my human's desk, and that's when I came into the game. With feline steps, I sneaked up to the desk where the two lovebirds were discussing -guess what- work and, curled up on the legs of Hermione's love interest.

He -I think I understand his name is Malfoy?- looked at me with a horrified look, perhaps because I was filling his haute couture trousers with hair -I could get used to luxury, I've never laid down on anything more fantastic-, but a few purrs and my tried and tested puppy gaze were enough to make him capitulate.

And that, diary, is how I spent most of the afternoon on the legs of a pale blond wizard, while the said wizard spoiled me with scratches behind the ears -he is obviously a cat person, now I understand why my human likes him so much- preventing him from going away, because who would be heartless enough to force a relaxing cat to move? Nobody, precisely.

SAD SAD BAD NOOOOO! There are really some bad experiences here. I'm SAD SAD!

Game.
Set.
Match.